Add k6-operator docs to Set up (#1559)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/v0.50.x/set-up/set-up-distributed-k6/usage/k6-operator-to-gck6.md

---
weight: 250
title: Use the k6 Operator with Grafana Cloud k6
---

# Use the k6 Operator with Grafana Cloud k6

Grafana Cloud k6 is the Grafana Cloud offering of k6, which gives you access to all of k6 capabilities, while Grafana handles the infrastructure, storage, and metrics aggregation and insights from your tests.

> When using the k6 Operator, you can still leverage Grafana Cloud k6 to get access to the metric analysis that the platform offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the k6 Operator, you can still leverage Grafana Cloud k6 to get access to the metrics storage and analysis that the platform offers.
```
